W-22577384 Update policies-included-message-logging.adoc (#1133)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.13/modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/message-log.adoc

+
Use the search field to search for specific logs based on the time and log severity (INFO, ERROR, WARN, DEBUG). You can download these logs for further analysis.

[[multiple-log-levels]]
=== Configuring Multiple Log Levels

To log messages at multiple levels or with different conditions within a single Message Logging policy:

> . Apply one Message Logging policy to your API instance following the steps above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Apply one Message Logging policy to your API instance following the steps at [link to the source].
```

Reviewer: Above, below, etc. are not accessible.

. Configure the first logging entry with your desired settings (for example, *Level*: INFO).

> . Click the *+ Add* button to add another configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *+ Add* to add another configuration.
```
